# journal-2022
what I do everyday, but now in 2022 and further!

## July 19, 2022. 
  This marks the beginning of my journal. I'll be talking aboat either my training with coding or just everyday life. Today my family and I made Char Siu, which is a Cantonese barbecued pork. We messed up on the marinade, adding all  of the ingredients in the recipe instead of just the marinade ones. We had to remake the marinade, but it turned out good. This summer I've been playing alot of modded Terraria with my friends. Terraria is an 2d action/adventure game. The mod we use is called Calamity, which adds multiple bosses, weapons, and armor and a new class, the Rogue. I chose the Rogue for my new playthrough and I've been having a great time. Rogue has a stealth meter, which allows altered, stronger attacks when charged. Bosses' hp goes goodbye! Though I feel like my friends can't really keep up since they have an hour or so to play, while I can play as much as I want. There's a very late game weapon you can get from the start of the game called the Murasama. While you can get Murasama very early, you need to have a special ID or defeat a lategame boss to unlock it. My friends found the ID and now are constantly begging me to let them destroy bosses with it. I say no because it will ruin the game progression. But maybe I'll just let them have fun.
## July 20, 2022
  In Calamity I recently entered hardmode, after slaying the Wall of Flesh(wof). This makes monsters more tanky and damaging, and two new biomes appear. First is the Hallow, a sparkling fairytale enviroment with deadly unicorns and rainbow slimes. Then the alien Astral Infection, a dark, purple haze with other worldly creatures. Hardmode also allows for better armor and equipment. I headed to the Astral infection to get Titan hearts, which are used to make Titan armor. Then, I mined for hardmode ore to get a new anvil. Making a very powerful Frequency Manipulator, a javalin that explodes into homing energy bolts. Very cool stuff. I had killed the Cryogen, a floating ice prison that shoots ice crystals that slow you down. Cryogen just turning the game into a bullet hell, as getting hit by one projectiles makes you move so slow you just get half of your health deleted. Though I cheesed the boss by hiding beneath a large disk of blocks to shield myself. I'm planning to summon the Cryogen more so that I can get all of it's drops. Hardmode enemies have a chance to drop Essences, which can be used in a variety of crafting. Currently I need Essence of Eleum to craft the Kelvin Catalyst, a huge ice boomerang. Besides Calamity, I'm going to learn about html. I don't really know much about it, so I'm excited and nervous. I did learn a bit in school. But they always use those blocks, so I  forget everything since all the code looks the same. Reminds me, some of my friends were in the same class and they had a good time with the blocks. Then came some actual lines of code. They HATED it, because it just looked like black and white to them. I somewhat understood it, there were many times I had no idea what was going on. My thoughts on html is "This looks complicated!". There are a bunch of symbols, and that intimidated me. Even basic code looked crazy! I think things will go fine though, since my dad is an analogy master.
